ALLEGORITHMIC EVALUATION SOFTWARE LICENCE TERMS

USER RIGHTS AND WARRANTIES 

We thank you for having acquired the Substance Package, a kit of software 
products developed by Allegorithmic, (hereinafter Substance). 

ALLEGORITHMIC, 37 Avenue Lavoisier, ZAC des Varennes, 63170 Aubière, 
FRANCE, is the developer and owner of Software Product known as Substance 
(the « Software »). 

The Substance package includes two products: Substance Engine and 
Substance Editor. Substance Editor allows the user to create, use or 
modify procedural maps, textures and various media effects. Substance is a 
software Engine allowing to provide those maps, textures and media 
effects to more general media environments such as games or 
animations. 

Use of the software and data provided with the Substance Package is 
subject to a licence granted by Allegorithmic, and/or other suppliers, 
to the end-user (hereinafter  "Licensee”), for use in accordance with 
the following end-user license agreement. 


END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT 

Please read this end-user license agreement carefully. 

Breaking the seal or opening the sleeve of the CD-ROM or DVD-ROM or 
memory card or pressing the “I agree” button for pre-installed or 
downloaded software means that you accept the terms and conditions of 
this agreement.

In any case, by using the software, you accept these terms. If you do 
not accept them, do not use the software. 

Evaluation Licence/Trial period: Allegorithmic and/or its suppliers 
grant you a limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable licence to use 
the Software and Data in accordance with the following conditions and 
limitations. Under this agreement, the Substance Package is licensed on a 
trial basis. Your rights to use trial software are limited to the 
trial period. The length of the trial period is set to 90 days. You 
may have the option to convert your trial rights to subscription or 
perpetual rights. Conversion options will be available at 
Allegorithmic’s web site. After the expiration of any trial period 
without conversion, this license agreement shall terminate.


USE OF THE SOFTWARE 

For the purposes of this License, "Use" shall mean and include: a) 
utilization of the Software by copying, transmitting or loading the 
Software into the temporary memory (RAM) or installing into the 
permanent memory (e.g. hard disk, CD Rom or other storage device) on 
the Licensee’s computer system (the « System ») for use by the 
Licensee and its employees; b) storing the whole or any part of the 
Software on the System or other storage unit or disk, c) utilizing 
(but not copying) the instructional and/or operational manuals 
relating to the Software. You may make a back-up copy of the Software 
solely for the purpose of restoring the original Software in the event 
it is accidentally corrupted. You must reproduce all the information 
regarding copyright and any other information relating to property 
rights shown on the Software and affix said information to any copy 
that you may make. 

Restrictions on use: 

You are not authorised to reproduce, modify, adapt, decompile or 
disassemble the Software, perform reverse engineering. Allegorithmic 
will provide you on written request with the information necessary for 
the Software to be interoperable with other programs in accordance 
with the statutory provisions in force. 

You are not authorised to work around any limitations in the software. 

You are not authorised to publish the software for others to copy. 

You are not authorised to sale, rent, lease or lend the Software. You 
may not grant a sub-licence to the Software, whether free of charge or 
for valuable consideration, or grant or transfer a licence. 

You are not authorised to use the software in any way that is against 
the law. 

You are not authorised to use the software for software hosting 
services. 

Intellectual property rights: 

The Software and Data are protected by copyright, intellectual 
property right regulations and by provisions of international 
treaties. Any breach of these rights shall constitute copyright 
infringement. Allegorithmic shall retain all rights that are not 
expressly granted. 

The Licensee acknowledges that any and all of the copyright, trade 
marks, trade names, patents and other intellectual property rights 
subsisting in or used or in connection with the Software including all 
documentation and manuals relating thereto are and remain the sole 
property of Allegorithmic. The Licensee shall not during or at any 
time after the expiration or termination of this License in any way 
question or dispute the ownership by Allegorithmic. 

Media Elements and Textures: 

The Substance Package software is provided with textures and/or other 
media elements. You may use, copy, reproduce and distribute the 
included textures in your projects either for personal, educational or 
commercial purpose. Allegorithmic shall retain all rights, including 
Copyrights of all Media elements provided with the Software. In any 
case, for any use of the Media elements provided by Allegorithmic and 
owned by Allegorithmic, Allegorithmic’s property and rights shall be 
clearly mentioned in your project. Any breach to this requirement 
shall terminate this agreement. 

Term: This agreement shall be valid until it is terminated or ends for 
any reason whatsoever. For trial software and license, this agreement 
ends once the trial period has expired. It may be terminated at any 
time in the event you breach any of the provisions hereof. Immediately 
after its termination or end, you must return the Software and Data to 
Allegorithmic and/or destroy any copies in your possession. 

Severability: If one of the provisions of this agreement proves to be 
invalid, unlawful or inapplicable, this shall not affect the validity, 
lawfulness and applicability of the other provisions. 

Governing law and jurisdiction: For sales or uses in Canada, Mexico or 
the United States, this licensing agreement shall be governed by the 
law of the State of New York. For all other sales, this licensing 
agreement shall be governed by the law of France. 


WARRANTY

This warranty is granted by Allegorithmic to the initial acquirer, 
i.e., the end-user, of the Substance Package software for his/her personal 
use (hereinafter "you"). 

Allegorithmic warrants that the Substance Package Software and any other 
Allegorithmic branded Software (hereinafter "the Software») shall 
comply with the specifications with which they are supplied, for a 
period of thirty (30) days from the date of the initial acquisition. 

Limit on the warranty: 

1. This warranty does not apply to software or hardware produced by a 
third-party and supplied with or embodied into the Allegorithmic 
Product. Allegorithmic does not provide any warranty on behalf of said 
third-parties. The hardware and software produced by third parties are 
covered by a warranty from their supplier or licensor. 2. This 
warranty does not apply to normal wear and tear to the Hardware and 
Software. 3. This warranty does not include a warranty that the 
operation of the Software shall be uninterrupted and free from error. 
Any warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, completeness and 
comprehensiveness of the data included in the Software is expressly 
excluded. 

Remedies: In the event of a hidden defect of which Allegorithmic is 
informed during the warranty period, your sole remedy shall be to 
obtain the repair or replacement of the Software, solely at 
Allegorithmic's discretion and at its expense. If Allegorithmic cannot 
reasonably repair or replace the product, Allegorithmic may, solely at 
its discretion, provide you with an equivalent product. Allegorithmic 
warrants all replaced Software for a period of thirty (30) days from 
the date of shipment or until the end of the original warranty period 
if this is later. 

Implementation of the warranty: To implement this warranty, you should 
contact Allegorithmic via the company’s web site or by mail or fax. 

Exclusions from the warranty: This warranty excludes all other 
express, implicit or statutory warrantees, conditions and terms, 
including merchantability warrantees, suitability for a specific use, 
accuracy, compliance with the description, regarding satisfactory 
quality, the absence of any virus in the Software and non-copyright 
and/or patent infringement. 

However, no provision of this warranty shall affect your statutory 
rights. 

Limitation of responsibility and liability: Insofar as this is allowed 
by the applicable regulations, Allegorithmic and/or its suppliers 
shall under no circumstances be responsible for any direct and/or 
indirect damage, special or subsequent damage, in particular, for 
information purposes but not limited to, the loss of earnings or 
profit, loss of business, loss of data and loss of software, or of 
hardware, including the costs of recovery, reproduction or repairs 
following the above-mentioned loss, caused by the use of and/or the 
impossibility of using the Allegorithmic and/or its suppliers have 
been informed of the possibility of said damage. In any event, 
Allegorithmic's liability shall be limited to the eventual amount you 
paid for the Allegorithmic Product. 

Severability: If one of the provisions of this warranty proves to be 
invalid, unlawful or inapplicable, this shall not affect the validity, 
lawfulness and applicability of the other provisions. 

Governing law and jurisdiction: For sales in Canada, Mexico or the 
United States, this warranty agreement shall be governed by the law of 
the State of New York. For all other sales, this warranty agreement 
shall be governed by the law of France. The United Nations Convention 
on Contracts for the International Sales of Goods is hereby excluded 
from application to this warranty agreement. 


